Congratulations!
We covered a lot of material in this module.
We started by reviewing a bunch of concepts surrounding Kinesis Data Streams.
We looked at all the producers we might use to get
data into a Kinesis data stream.
We also looked at how Kinesis Data Streams provision capacity using
shards and how the records inside of those shards are structured.
From there we also looked at how we could build consumer applications
with client libraries, the AWS SDKs, and AWS services that connect as
consumers themselves.
And after that,
we briefly touched on some of the differences between the shared
throughput model where different consumers share the capacity of the
stream versus dedicated throughput or enhanced fan‑out and how that
model has a consumer that can get dedicated capacity proportional to
the number of shards without having to share that capacity with other
consumer applications.
Additionally, we did some hands‑on work.
We created a Kinesis data stream and streamed it into it.
And we also used a Kinesis Data Analytics application to
review some of the data in that stream.
Remember,
if you haven't already removed the resources inside of AWS
that we created, go back and do that so that you don't have
unexpected charges on your AWS bill.
These services aren't included in the AWS free tier at
the time of making these videos.
So what's next for us?
Coming up, we'll take a closer look at Amazon Kinesis Data Firehouse. I'll see you there in the next module.